Add support for iocage instead of jexec (#27)
austinhyde/ansible-sshjail: README.md

An alternative to requiring root access is to use the [`jailme`](http://www.freshports.org/sysutils/jailme) utility.
`jailme` is "a setuid version of jexec to allow normal users access to FreeBSD jails".

> Another alternavite to requering root acces is to use the [`iocage`](https://www.freshports.org/sysutils/iocage/) utility.
> `iocage` is a "jail/container manager amalgamating some of the bestfeatures and technologies the FreeBSD operating system has to offer"
> 
> If you want to use `jailme` or `iocage`, you'll need to ensure it's installed on the jailhost, and specify the user to `sudo` as
> via `--become-user` on the command line, or `become_user: username` in a play or task. sshjail will prefer to use `jailme`
> if it's installed, whether you are sudoing as root or not.

Reviewer: Just some minor spelling/formatting suggestions:

```suggestion
Another alternative to requiring root access is to use the [`iocage`](https://www.freshports.org/sysutils/iocage/) utility.
`iocage` is a "jail/container manager amalgamating some of the best features and technologies the FreeBSD operating system has to offer"

If you want to use `jailme` or `iocage`, you'll need to ensure it's installed on the jailhost, and specify the user to `sudo` as
via `--become-user` on the command line, or `become_user: username` in a play or task.

sshjail will prefer to use `iocage`, then `jailme` if they are installed, whether you are sudoing as root or not.
```
